[doc] HSM Configuration Doc (#114)
lowRISC/opentitan-provisioning: docs/hsm.md

> # HSM Configuration

Reviewer: It might be nice to have a single table at the top here somewhere that summarize all HSM assets across both HSM types (offline and SPM) before jumping into the details below.

Author: Fixed.

> This documents describes the `SPM` and `Offline

Reviewer: incomplete sentence?

Author: Fixed.

## SPM HSM Initialization

All HSMs used for manufacturing are audited to ensure their policies and

> overall configuration is aligned with product requirements. The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
overall configurations are aligned with product requirements. The following
```

Author: Fixed.

assets are then provisioned into the HSM to enable SKU operations.

Asset | Type | Description
------|------|------------
`spm-rsa-wrap`, `spm-rsa-unwrap` | RSA 3072bit-F4 key pair | Keys used to wrap/unwrap SKU-specific AES wrapping keys.
`spm-hsm-id` | ECDSA P-384 key pair | Key used to attest SPM operations, e.g. Device records are signed with this key to attest their provenance.

## Offline HSM Initialization

### Transport Keys

The following keys are used to facilitate key wrap export of `SKU` specific
assets. All assets are exported with a wrapping key bound to a particular
`SPM`.

The HSM quorum is responsible for making sure that the `SPM` wrapping
key belongs to an HSM approved by the product owner.

Asset | Type | Description
------|------|------------
`<sku>-aes-wrap` | AES 256bit key | Key used to wrap SKU specific assets. `<sku>` is used to identify the SKU.
`spm-<id>-rsa-wrap` | RSA 3072bit-F3 public key | Key used to wrap `<sku>-aes-wrap`. `<id>` is used to identify the SPM HSM.

Example:

```
sival-aes-wrap: Wrapping Key associated with Sival SKU.
spm-osat-rsa-wrap: SPM wrapping key bound to an HSM deployed at the OSAT.
```

### SKU Assets

> The following assets are supported by the provisining infrastructure. SKUs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following assets are supported by the provisioning infrastructure. SKUs
```

Author: Fixed.
